[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we are with Tim,
a tactical advisor from Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Also joining us today
is Captain Randy Cramer,
who claims to be the public
spokesperson for the United
States Marine Corps
special section.
Welcome, gentlemen.
Today, it's going to be
a very intriguing episode
because we're
going to be talking
about hybrids and clones.
So I'll start off by
saying, I think we're
kind of a hybrid type of being.
What do you guys
think about that?
>>RANDY CRAMER: Absolutely.
I mean, everything
that I understand,
we have a mix of
dozens or potentially
more than 100
different types of DNA
into our system over thousands
and thousands of years.
So yeah, basically every
single person on the planet
is a hybrid of some
kind or another.
>>EMERY: And Tim, who do
you think started this?
>>TIM: So there could be
a natural evolution that
doesn't necessarily need
any manipulator species
or something.
But so, to my knowledge, it's--
I know of about 12 species.
Randy, you spoke about at
least 2025 or something.
Potentially even
more influences when
they are small bits of data
infused into the human system,
but there are some
species that have
their interest in humanity.
They need the
experiences of humanity.
There are other species
that help to balance out
the influences that
different species have put up
on humanity, and some species
intermingled with humans
to get advantage about
them at some point.
>>EMERY: You both mentioned
numbers about how many hybrids
you have encountered.
So how many hybrids
are walking amongst us?
Are you saying these
are ones that you've
heard about in space
and in the universe?
But amongst us, what
kind of specifics
you can give me about them?
>>TIM: Like subspecies?
>>EMERY: Yes, subspecies.
>>TIM: Guess hundreds.
What do you think?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, at least.
Yeah, I have a friend
who lives in Las Vegas,
and I need to try
and see if I can
get a copy of this
photograph because I've
seen this photograph, and she's
a little reluctant to share it.
But she had a friend
who was working security
at one of the casinos who
sat behind looking at all
the cameras, and luckily
he pulled out his phone
and snapshotted the screen
that this was happening on
before the camera went out.
So he's sitting there
watching the blackjack tables
and watches the cameras,
watches these two guys
come in wearing shirts and
slacks like white shirt,
white slacks--
pale, pale white skin,
big heads, small--
normal human size
but black eyes.
So there were probably some kind
of a hybrid, maybe some kind
of a human Zeta, whatever.
But from what I
understand, there
are some of these guys
that work at Nellis and out
at the test site, and
they come in to Vegas
to drink, smoke, and gamble.
So apparently,
these guys come in.
One guy's got a
drink in his hand.
Other guy's got a drink and
a cigarette in his hand.
They come and sit down
at the blackjack table.
The picture is two guys
sitting at the blackjack table.
One guy is leaned in with
the cigarette like this.
He's got his drink in his hand.
The other guy's standing
there, and he looks up--
when he apparently looked up
at the camera as the guy was--
when the whole
screen went blank.
So luckily he pulled out
his phone, took a snapshot,
but then he calls down
to the pit boss and says,
yeah, you see
those guys standing
at the blackjack table.
And he's like, you mean those
two businessmen in suits.
And he was like, really?
And so apparently, the
people who are on the floor
saw them as guys wearing
suits, but that illusion
didn't go through the camera.
So when the guy looked at the
camera like, oh, shut it off,
but apparently they
were able to cast
some kind of psionic illusion
because if it was a hologram,
the camera would have
also seen the hologram.
So they were projecting some
kind of a psionic illusion
that they're just
guys in business suits
when they were clearly hybrids
going in to drink, smoke,
and play blackjack.
>>TIM: True.
I've experienced that with
a reptilian species that
came to me at a
party; at an event,
and they seemed to
project out an appearance.
Interestingly enough, they
came to me and said, oh,
are you a chameleon too?
[LAUGHS]
So they mis-- confused
me was one of them.
I said yes because
I was thinking
in my head about my
philosophical mission on Earth,
and so I would say yeah, I
feel like I'm a chameleon too.
And he was then talking to
me like about I have this
and that amount of
galactic credits.
I've stolen them.
I have already this amount.
And I was like, I have no idea
what you're talking about.
And later on, I
realized that there's
something like galactic
credits in the universe.
>>CRAMER: Yes, absolutely.
>>TIM: So also one thing
because you mentioned Las Vegas.
We were talking
about that, Emery,
that some extraterrestrials
seem to enjoy Disney World.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>TIM: Yeah, you
know about that?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, and
comic conventions.
Those are the other ones.
Yeah, comic book convention--
>>EMERY: --fit in good there.
>>CRAMER: Oh, because
they fit right in.
Or if they're wearing a
costume, you don't see it,
or sometimes they're
not wearing a costume,
or they wear a
costume over their--
Yeah, they love
hanging out at those--
>>TIM: Speaking about drawings,
I have this interesting story--
personal story, private story.
I have spoken about
that very vaguely in one
of the first episodes.
I was in the German forest.
We had this hut or
something rented.
People were having fun
in the party down there.
I was in the front
of the building.
Suddenly outside there
was some kind of light.
I was seeing that
through the windows.
I was looking for what's
happening outside,
and there were two
beings that have never
ever experienced before
or never seen them before.
Pretty much larger than
myself, at least 2 meters
like maybe 210, 220--
about that.
Yellowish skin.
They asked me if
they can come closer.
So they were very, very gentle
in the way they approached me,
which is great
because otherwise,
maybe I've freaked
out or something.
I said yes.
They spoke German,
interestingly enough.
So I said yes, if you're a
friend you can speak to me.
They came to me with a
very short conversation,
and they told me I'm
protected and that they
wanted to make me know that.
And then they were gone.
They went outside.
They disappeared somewhere
in the forest and gone.
I made a drawing, and I
want to show this to you,
and because I
looked in the files,
I found nothing about them.
And maybe you can have
like a look at it.
>>CRAMER: Yeah, so I've seen a
group of these people one time.
So I've been to the
Intergalactic Space Station
a number of times for mostly
escorting diplomat missions--
I've talked about that before.
There were these tall, yellow
guys with these big heads.
And I remember saying
to one of the MSS--
like, what in the world is that?
And he was like, oh,
the banana heads,
because they've got
this big head that's
like a yellow banana.
And I was like,
that's kind of rude.
And he was like, ah, no.
They're banana heads.
We're naked monkeys.
It's OK.
So there's a little bit of
having fun with each other.
It doesn't necessarily
have to mean an insult.
But apparently, they're evolved
from some kind of mollusk.
>> Oh.
>> Yeah, which has something to
do with the texture of the body
and the color of the
skin and so forth,
and why their head's that way.
But my understanding is
they're fairly peaceful.
I mean, not saying that
they're a peacenik species,
but they're fairly peaceful,
involved in a lot of trade.
And they have a pretty
solid science core,
so their scientific
divisions are usually
interested in helping
other planets coming along.
I'd say, from what I
understand, they might only be,
mm, maybe 2,000 or 3,000 years
technologically ahead, which
is not that far
when you're talking
about intergalactic technology.
But I've only seen them once.
But the ambassador called
them the banana heads, which,
again, is not necessarily rude.
And they mentioned
where they came from.
And it was some star
system that starts
with a Y that is escaping
my brain at the moment.
But I only just
ran into them once.
So that's about all I know.
But they seem really nice.
>> That sounds like it was a
really good protection message
for you, for your journey.
>> Probably, and it's one of
the reasons why I wanted to meet
you in order to share some
information and to get that--
asking you if you know something
about them, so thank you.
>> Yeah, you're welcome.
I knew a little bit
and there you go.
>> So let's talk about these
hybrids walking amongst us.
I mean, what is their agenda?
>> My understanding is
most of them work here,
most of them are contractors.
>> Mm-hmm, right.
>> They work with
various covert programs.
They're helping other engineers,
scientists, mechanics.
They're contractors.
>> Sure.
>> In some cases, not the most
brilliant, not the smart--
they're contractors.
They're smart.
They're good at their job.
And they're helping
out and do stuff.
Now, we also know of
that-- if we were to say,
all of those personnel, and we
were to put them in one circle
of a pie graph or something,
there'd be a certain slice
of that pie which would be--
we'd refer to as spies,
criminals, or some form
of nefarious actor in some way.
So there-- a tiny
percentage of those
that are probably up to
no good, but the majority
are contractors.
They work here.
They're working for a government
or military agency or space
agency helping to build
parts, design parts.
>> Sure.
>> Just be essentially off-world
skilled labor that we need
to do those jobs.
Because we don't have enough
skilled humans to do them,
so we get some
off-world contractors
who are often
hybrids, so they can
communicate and hang out and eat
our food and breathe our air.
So yeah.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> So another reason seems to
be like that some species are
looking for a way to
communicate with humanity.
And for example,
the Greys that have
placed a species that is in
pop culture called Tall Whites,
I guess.
So those are essentially hybrids
coming from Greys in order
to path--
way for contact, which
is their approach
to think that it's
more natural for us
to speak and
communicate with them.
They still look a little exotic
to the human eye, I guess.
>> Right.
>> Range Four Harry--
so Range Four Harry
was a ghost that used
to wander the Nevada test site.
And people who
would work out there
would see-- oh, I
saw Range Four Harry.
And they basically say it's
a tall guy in a suit who
seems like a ghost, because
he's all white and kind
of pale and glows.
And they would just
think, ah, it's a ghost.
But they called him
Range Four Harry.
And it was just-- yeah, Tall
White who's wandering out
in the dark at night.
And they'd spot him.
And they would just say it
was a ghost and nicknamed
him Range Four Harry.
>> Is it possible for a hybrid
to be on the planet and have
a high political position or
military position that could be
working in a nefarious way?
>> Oh, interesting.
>> So that's an
interesting question.
I would say, from
what I understand,
that's not as likely as some
people might think it is.
Because if you're actually
making a regular hybrid-- which
isn't the same thing as
an augmented hybrid, which
you're very much
picking and choosing
which genetics to go in.
>> And we'll talk about
what those two are.
>> Yeah, but if you really are
just like, OK, this person is--
we'll just use an
example and say
it's a Zeta Reticulan
and a human,
already we need to
make a hybrid so
that we can communicate
better, so that we
have an interactive person.
And then they basically do
pretty standard breeding--
intermixing, so that you end up
with something that's a blend.
And so if a species
was really not like us
and they wanted
to make a hybrid,
it would be a real blend.
And unless it
looked just like us,
it would look pretty different.
>> So if we're talking about
the question if hybrids can get
into high positions
in the Earth system,
I think that that can happen.
So I don't think that hybrids
that look totally exotic
would have the ability
to blend into the system.
But a lot of
hybrids, because they
have different experiences, they
have different genetic profiles
and a different set of
skills and skill levels,
they pretty easily can maneuver
inside of this Earth system.
So I know that some of the
Grey's hybrids can or have--
they naturally find it easier to
rank highly in some positions.
I also think that some hybrids
contracted by the military
or at least working
in the military.
If we're talking about
totally exotic ones,
then I think it would be
impossible to blend in.
>> Right, they
wouldn't blend in.
>> Yes.
>> So let's talk about
the definition of what is
a hybrid--
and I'm glad you said the
other one, augmented hybrid,
because those are two
different definitions there.
Would you like to start?
>> Sure, I'll make it as easy
and relatable as possible.
So I have two children.
I have a daughter
and I have a son.
My daughter is also a Marine.
She is an augmented
Marine, like me.
So she has been
genetically mixed
and augmented and switched.
So she's an example of a hybrid
augment because of the DNA
that they placed
into her strain,
like they did into mine.
They're probably not identical,
but they're different, unique.
But that would be
an augmented hybrid.
My son is the result
of his Sonoran mother
and his Terran father.
And so he's a hybrid.
He has no augmentations.
We didn't tinker with
him or mess with him.
That was just Sonoran
mommy, Terran daddy
make hybrid baby boy.
So that's the perfect
example I can come up
with since I have one of each.
>> Does he look more like
you or more like your wife?
>> Well, the last time I saw
him, he was about this big.
So he has his mother's-- well,
he actually has one Sonoran eye
and one Terran eye.
So he kind of has his mother's
eye and one of mine, which is--
hopefully, that won't be too
hard on him as he's growing up.
But hard to say who we looked
more like, his mom or me,
at that age.
So we'll see what happens
when he gets a little older.
>> And what would your
definition be, Tim,
of a hybridization of human
or ET, because there are,
of course, hybrids that
look just like humans,
but they're hybrids.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> So maybe you
can explain that.
>> I've never thought about
a definition for that,
but I think if a species take
some of their own genetic
material and fuses it with a
different natural-occurring
material, then we have a hybrid.
While, as Randy
said it, there can
be some artificial
constructed beings,
that they can be
stable to exist,
that could be a different
definition for a hybrid.
But in the context
we're talking about,
I would say it's
one species taking
their own genetic
material and infusing it
into some other species.
>> I know of clones being
made in the projects.
What could you elaborate
on that in your experience
with clones, Randy and Tim?
>> Sure, clone is
basically just a copy.
It's essentially a
soulless copy of a person.
My understanding is that
there is a requirement that
is the tiniest, tiniest,
tiniest, tiniest
fraction of that
person's soul that
has to be attached
to the physical body
so that the cells duplicate
beyond 32 or 64 or what it is.
So there's a limitation.
They won't grow past
that if there isn't
some piece of a soul in there.
But because it's just a teeny,
teeny, teeny little sliver,
they don't really have one.
And so they're not
considered a person.
They're not legally
considered a person,
because they're-- not
a soul inside them.
So they tend to be
not very bright.
They tend to be
very undisciplined.
They can be very
difficult to train,
if you're trying to train
a clone to actually fight.
That's why we ended up
abandoning clone armies,
because they're a horrible idea.
But a clone is
basically just a copy.
In my case, this is
not my original body.
My original body
has been destroyed
because it was beat
up and bruised and old
so many times that they
had to give me a young one
and put me back.
So this is a cloned body.
But I'm not a clone,
because as soon
as they put my soul into
the body, it's now a person.
It's now legally a
person and it's me.
And I'm no longer
considered a clone
even though the body
is a cloned body.
So for something to
be considered a clone,
it has to have no soul
or consciousness in it.
If you take a clone and you put
somebody in it, all of a sudden
it's now classified as a person,
and it's no longer a clone,
all right.
>> Tim, you explained
to me, at one point,
about the transformation of
consciousness into the body.
So explain to me about
clones and how that all
fits into place.
Is there a soul, a
spirit, a consciousness?
And how do they do that?
>> At first, we need to
define what is a soul.
A soul seems to be
a container that
collects all the experiences
that an individual
consciousness unit collects
over several lifetimes,
over several other experiences.
And a soul seems
to be something,
that at one point of evolution
of an individual is growing,
or it's something
that starts somewhere.
So not every being has a soul,
but it can develop a soul
at one point.
And it seems that creating
or developing a soul
is fairly close
connected to developing
an I-consciousness, which
is where the collection of I
as an observer starts.
And that seems to be the
initial moment where a container
or soul starts to grow.
And from every life period
and whatever experience
an AI has and collects, it
all went to the soul container
and gets integrated into
that and, from that point,
decided on where a
soul or an individual
goes in their
spiritual evolution.
>> So if I'm growing a
person and making a clone,
or if I'm 3D-printing a person--
we didn't get into that yet--
how does this energy
from source or the soul
or the consciousness enter?
>> Two things.
First, there are also--
or at least it's
been said that there
seem to be some non-player
characters, which
means there are beings
that look like humans
which are approachable.
You can talk to them, but they
are not consciousness units.
So they have no I, but our own
perception of consciousness
seems to fill them.
The other thing is that
invocation or bringing
a soul to an individual
or whatever is
something that could be done.
So when Randy is talking
about clones having no soul,
and if you put in the
effort and the energy, then
my soul and my consciousness
could raise a soul
in any other being as well.
And the way I understand it, the
reason why, for example, humans
are living so closely
together with other species
is because they
evolved through that.
So if you have, for example--
and I know how bad the
situation, for example,
in some zoos on
this planet is, I
don't think that's the best
habitat for any species.
But if you have elephants
in zoos that are closely
in relationship to humans,
they, for example, develop
an I-awareness,
which means when you
do an experiment on
the ego of elephants--
you put, for example,
something there,
and you put a dot on
their face, and you
have a mirror,
they automatically
know, oh, that's
me in the mirror.
And they're going to wipe off
whatever color you put on.
If you have the same species
of elephants in the jungle
and having no experience and no
connection to humanity at all,
they tend to attack the
mirror and see something
else inside of that.
So being close
together for species
can be benevolent to them.
So they raise their
I-consciousness,
and they create a soul.
So if you have a pet, like a dog
or something, that you love--
love, and you connect
to the dog a lot,
then this dog totally
benefits from that.
The soul of the dog
And the I-consciousness of
the dog benefits from that.
And maybe the dog, when it
dies, it has so many experiences
about humans and opening all
the tins and giving food,
which the dog cannot
do that on their own.
So maybe the soul feels inspired
in the next evolutionary step
that it gets
integrated in humanity.
It becomes, for example, human
and makes this experience
to open their food
tin for themselves.
>> Right, it seems like a
holographic thing that's being
holographically from
you, to me, to Randy,
to the clone over here.
>> Yeah, so it's an
experiencing thing.
I-awareness needs to be created
in order to have a soul.
But if I project my own
soul into something,
then we have the
same natural patterns
that the universe did
in the first place,
because one being that we
all are projected itself
into lots and lots of
infinite objects, things,
and other forms of life.
>> Is there a group of people or
extraterrestrials or a faction
or a government that's behind
a specific hybrid program here
on planet Earth?
>> Well, as far as covert
military space program
activities are concerned,
the program that's in charge
of that-- which
is multinational,
multi-cooperation, is
called Project Mannequin,
oddly enough.
So I know that's the program
that manages and sorts
all of that.
But I'm not sure--
and as far as I understand,
pretty much everyone
participates in that program.
It's how they make
everything for everybody
to clone replication
for all of that.
But it's one program
that's essentially
at the center of that and
it's called Project Mannequin.
>> Right.
Tim, you had mentioned to me
about the Greys manipulating
DNA a long time ago.
That's kind of basically
a hybrid program.
>> Yeah, you could call it that.
But they have their
own hybrid programs
where they put
communicative species
as intermediaries on the
planet and also, yeah,
doing some work for them.
>> So the agenda
is a positive one.
>> The agenda is basically
benefiting the Greys and also
benefiting the overall
evolution of the universe,
which seems to be a thing for
the Greys in order to gain back
their spiritual and
evolutionary path.
>> Are you guys aware of
any extraterrestrials making
human-looking clones and
being sent down to Earth?
>> Yes, so the Greys have
a technology that I'm aware
of where they basically produce
a human-looking vessel where
they project their individual
consciousness into that.
And they can, for example--
they also use that in order
to communicate with people
in a more non-threatening way.
So, again, I don't
know if that is true,
but it has been said to
me that there are beings--
human beings on this
planet that do not
have obtained an I-awareness.
They are looking like
they are autonomously
moving around and operating.
But they seem to
be empty vessels.
And I know that there
are some species that
use those empty vessels and
project their own awareness
inside of them, probably
like looking through a glass
window or something
and then controlling
the human that is there.
>> Is it upregulating that human
to a higher consciousness when
they do that?
>> No, well, it seems that
there are some humans--
let's call them humans.
I don't know... they
look like humans,
but they're basically non-aware
bodies in order to fill up
the space of the universe.
I'm not sure if that is
true, but this is something
that I've been told.
And some species use
those empty vessels
because they do
not have a free--
well, they could
have a free will,
if they have an I-awareness.
But they do not
have an I-awareness.
And they project their own
I-awareness inside of them
and can use them for a temporal
purpose for a short time
in order to maneuver
around the Earth
and in order to
interact with people.
>> What do you think, Randy?
>> Yeah, the technical word for
that is called teleoperation.
So essentially, if
a being of any type
is sitting in a chair that's
essentially the control
mechanism and then chooses
either a mechanical, biological
drone, which could be a clone
body, could be a human body,
could be an alien body, could
be a robot, anything at all,
is basically remote controlling
or using sensory collection
so that you can
hear, see everything
that the drone is
essentially experiencing
that's called teleoperation.
And we use it, ETs have used
it forever and ever and ever.
And so, yeah, there are some
of these sort of empty vessels
that they used for
that and just pop down
when they need to use it,
drive it around for a minute,
use it to talk, make something,
and then turn off, cut
the signal.
And then, in some
cases, these sort
of soulless people then just
continuing about their lives.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, but it's
teleoperation, absolutely.
Absolutely, it's one of the
most common ways in which we've
been doing more recently
and other species interact
with other worlds without the
cross contamination of biology,
which bacteria, viruses,
and all of that.
Really, the simplest way to do
that is not to wear a spacesuit
but to actually use a
teleoperated body that
doesn't have to come back
through decontamination.
>> How would you recognize
a soulless human being?
>> Oh, the eyes for sure,
looking into the eyes.
The eyes are just hollow.
They're just hollow,
hollow empty eyes.
>> We call them eight balls.
>> Yeah, that's a
good word for it.
>> We call them eight balls.
>> Yeah, hollow, empty eyes.
>> Sometimes you'll see
it, just for a second,
where the eye will go completely
black for just a second.
And then it goes back to normal.
>> Yeah, we truly see each
other's souls through the eyes.
And so when there's nothing
there-- the lights are on,
no one's home, yeah,
they're empty, hollow.
>> I think, also, because
we have this effect where we
project our own
awareness several meters,
or even at large distances
when we're trained,
that it's sometimes you meet
somebody and this person
interacts with you just in the
way you want things to turn
out, and I think that this
is a sign of significance
for an indicator for
projecting your own awareness
into an empty vessel
that then reacts upon it,
which has no I-awareness.
I think that could be an
indicator for finding that out.
>> Do you guys believe these
hybrids and clones on Earth are
here to do what?
>> I'd say the largest
percentage of what
they're for is passive
intelligence or communication.
Most of them are not used
for military purposes
or to kill someone
or be an assassin
or something like that.
Most of it's passive
intelligence gathering
or communication, I would say.
Doesn't mean that it couldn't
be used for another purpose
or something that
was a little scary,
but I think
percentages-wise, you're
talking about something
that presents a very, very
low tangible threat to
any people whatsoever,
let alone the species or
civilization at large.
>> Yeah.
>> Are there are a lot of
extraterrestrial programs with
hybrids and clones doing
this here on planet Earth?
>> You mean doing it on
the surface of Earth?
>> Well, no.
They could be making them
anywhere and then placing them
here on the planet.
And for what reason,
for what agenda?
>> Oh, yeah, so as Randy
already said, put it correctly,
many of those programs about
hybrids is to communicate with
species or doing some parts
in benefit for the mission
of the species.
So yeah, that's totally--
>> Are they relaying
information back to these
extraterrestrials?
And who are these
extraterrestrials
involved with these
hybrid clone programs?
>> We find that the more we
look into these programs,
the more we discover
these programs,
the more our intelligence
networks tracks down unofficial
presence, unofficial
activity, essentially
if you're an extraterrestrial
and you're in the solar system
or you're within the Terran
sphere and you don't have
your paperwork, you're
unauthorized to be here
or doing whatever you're doing.
So we've been going through
the process of investigating,
identifying, tracking down the
people without their papers,
that they're not supposed
to be acting here,
and mostly shutting them down
as we go through the process.
But what we're finding
is a majority of them
are programs run
by other species
to do what they think is
upgrading or helping people.
What we do find is--
I've had a couple of
cases of people who've
been dealing directly
with these species
and then tinkering that they've
been doing with them-- is some
of these species are a
little arrogant in the sense
that they think no, no,
no, no, we're helping you.
We know we're helping you.
It's good what we're doing.
You don't understand it,
but we're helping you.
And then their way that they're
seeing what they're doing,
they think they're
really helping.
But what we've had
to say is, look,
I appreciate that you
think you're helping.
Do you have any idea what you're
putting this person through?
Do you have any idea how
much trauma, emotional and
psychological scarring
you're giving to this person
to help them?
No, you're doing it wrong.
And we have the ability to
tell people in these programs
to stop and to cease and desist.
And there's a whole process
for issuing cease and desist
orders, which what we're finding
sometimes works right away.
But sometimes still
it's like, well,
all right, we'll comply with the
cease and desist for a moment.
But we still know better.
We still-- we know
we're really helping.
And what we've
also found is then
when we deal directly
with the programs
after three or four
cease and desists, we go,
all right, we're
going above your head
to your chain of command,
to your superiors.
And often when we
go to them, we find
that these are rogue,
covert programs
that the people in charge
of know nothing about.
They don't even know
that they're operating.
>> Now, you have mentioned
to me in the past, Randy,
on a few occasions, that you did
capture rogue cloned and hybrid
programmed people that were
doing nefarious activities
and that there are actually
teams out there that are
actually made for this
>> Oh, yeah, there are very
specific teams that their job
is to investigate, track, and in
some cases hunt down, capture,
or search and destroy.
So yeah, we have some very
good people on top of that.
Like any criminal
investigation process,
you have a filtering
process of every case
that pops up, how severe
is it, how bad is it,
how many people are
being affected by it.
So we prioritize and go
after the worst offenders
and often, again, try to go
through the process of issuing
cease and desists
so that we don't
have to look like
we're being thugs,
because the intergalactic
community looks
at what we're doing.
And when we just bang
people on the head
without using the legal process,
they shake their finger at us.
But oh, yeah, there's
definitely some people
whose job it is to hunt those
people down and remove them
if necessary.
>> We have been talking
about extraterrestrials,
for most part of the show,
with clones and hybrids.
But are you guys aware of
any corporations or military,
government, political
entities, that are making
clones for their own agendas?
>> Yes, so it's banned across
military intelligence programs.
So military
intelligence programs
are not supposed to
be making clones.
From our experience,
we've also understood
that they're a waste of
money, for the most part.
You can't train clone armies
or clone soldiers very well.
So there are
probably not too many
rogue military intelligence
programs at the time.
I would say the worst
offender of that
are private contractor
and corporate programs.
>> Absolutely.
>> They don't give a crap about
what things they're messing
with beyond their kin
that they shouldn't be.
So mostly it's
corporate programs
who are looking for the
cheapest, most effective use
of body power-- man power.
>> Or growing bodies just
to use their organs for--
>> Right, organ harvesting.
--organ harvesting.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> Right.
Tim, as we wrap
this episode up, do
you see a time
where there's going
to be humans and hybrids,
and possibly even clones,
living together in the future?
>> Well, one thing is for sure
that the different influences
that people have on this
planet coming from different
manipulative species probably
has resulted in a situation
rich in conflict.
So a lot of the racial problems
that people have on Earth, I'd
say comes also from
the different species
and different subspecies and
manipulations that we have.
But I also think that the planet
is learning more and more how
to come together, that species,
even if we look different
or have different--
coming from different
regions of the world,
having different backgrounds,
that we're all together here.
And I assume that,
because a lot of hybrids
have been placed here
in order to communicate
and in order to approach a more
open scenario of communication,
that this will
eventually be something
that every planet and
the whole universe
will experience in some time.
>> In the advancement
of disclosure,
what do you think
would help more?
Would it be the
extraterrestrials, the hybrids
and clones?
What do you think?
>> I think that the majority of
hybrids are put here in order
to initiate some
kind of contact,
so putting hybrids on this
planet is an approach in order
to get--
>> It's like the first
step to getting--
>> It's a first step, yes.
I also think that,
in contrast to that,
it would be more beneficial
to the soul of humans,
of humanity, to
actually experience
some kind of
non-terrestrial being.
The best it would be, because
we talked about correlationism,
which means the best would be
contact with a humanoid species
that is a little different,
a little different
to what people on Earth
are, but still relatable.
So I think that
would be the best.
Yeah, maybe because
hybrids can be that,
so this could be a scenario.
>> Yeah, what do
you think, Randy?
>> I think it could be helpful.
But my concern is that creating
other racial species variations
just makes for more things
for certain people to hate.
But I'm not sure.
That's not a blanket
answer to say
that just because you
have hybrids or aliens
that everyone is
going to be accepted.
>> Definitely a
possibility, for sure.
>> But I think
it's a possibility.
And I would have
to agree, though,
that the most human-like,
just a little different,
is really the best stepping
stone transition to that.
And to be honest,
I'd be concerned
for some of their hybrid
safety and well-being.
If people started to talk about,
oh, there's hybrids everywhere.
Oh, that could make some
of them very unsafe.
>> Yeah, I could see already
laws being made just for them,
political things.
>> Or certainly turning into
some kind of politicization
or something.
>> I think the best way is to
have a humanoid species that is
exotic enough to realize we are
not alone, but still relatable.
>> Oh, that would be the key.
>> Agreed.
>> Totally agreed.
Well, thank you, guys,
for being on the show.
I really appreciate
having you, as always.
>> Thank you, Emery.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>> Next on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Lifeforms exist that are
totally disconnected from every
definition of a biological,
3D lifeform that we are aware
of here.
>> They were different than
us, biologically different.
The technology was different.
The Vatican came and witnessed
the landing and the exchange.
And these were EBENs.
>> Possibly, it's close to
infinity how many species
and how many lifeforms
are out there.
[MUSIC PLAYING]